hi girls how are you welcome to a
new video on this channel and hey it gives me
I'm glad you are sharing others
moments here with me and good today as
they saw in the title I bring you the video
of makeup with the mink palette
number 2 and good this makeup on
I really liked the palette
I liked it, I liked the pigmentation
how I worked with her I liked it too
the palette is this consists of four
colors and this is a black tone this of
here is a white tone but it is a white
pearl more or less as well as if you have like
a pearl tone this is like a silver gray
and this other one here is like a blue
pulling as well as
dark but a dark blue black more or
less well and well I'm going to leave you one
photo for you to see the
pigmentation of this palette
well you are going to see the step to
step of this makeup and the truth that
it's a bit dramatic I liked it, I hope
Like it, leave me in your comments
Give me a line if you liked it and good
welcome to new subscribers
Many thanks to those who provided me
are supporting and remember that if not
you are subscribed subscribe is
completely free and you will receive
all my new videos also abajito
in the information box I'm going to
leave the link to my recipe channel if
like to sign up for this channel is one
that I'm just starting because in
this channel I will not be uploading anymore
recipes but for that I made the channel of
recipes also in the box
information I will leave the links of
some channels that I recommend to
pacense to see them are several girls the
truth is u2 there is a lot of talent
to sense to meet new girls
new channels and see that sometimes
we are in one if we do not know more
people and do not be entertained a bit
learn new things water recipes
makeup
of everything here on youtube you find
everything and good then then I leave you with
the makeup I hope you like leave me
your constructive criticism and see you
God willing until the next video
bay
Let's start by applying a test
in all our eyelid I will be
using this nix which is the tone
white and good let's try to
blur it very well so that we do not
there are lumps in this makeup and good
since we blend well I 'm going to help
with a ribbon because I want the
lines look good and I'm going to apply
this color of visu that is number 3 of
visu and this I'm going to use it as
transition shadow and we're going to
Apply on all our eyelid
trying to blur it very well from
according to the color we want afterwards
you can apply this tone that is like a
silver gray and we will apply it in the
fold of our mobile eyelid but
we're just going to do it in the middle
and we are going to try to apply it is
enough shadow so that it remains
pretty strong then I'll take that tone
blue and I'm going to apply it in the
corner of our eyelid trying to
blur it very well and lift it towards
above remember that this shadow has
to go more or less to half of the
eyelid as we apply the
shadow let's go pulling it little by little
more inward but blurred towards
little touches then I will take the shade
black and with my brush to blur I'll
try to blur that dark blue
up and we're going to do it by taking
from the black shadow of little by little to
that more than anything this color is not very
marked but only remain as one
low shadow and good let's blur
very
in that color and already once what
we have blurred we are going to retouch the
blue tone that I already had because as
that we are blurring up is going
losing the tonality and I'll go
going up now a little bit up
then I will continue to blur that
shadow so that the fold is not noticeable
then I'm going to take this white shadow and
I'm going to apply it on the brow bone
to illuminate this part
ah
we will take a brush in the form of a pencil and
I'm going to take the same gray shadow
and with it I'm going to delineate the area
down my eyelid
and we're going to apply it only to the
half and also the tear with that
let's light up after the other part
I'm going to put the blue tone like I'm going to
pull in half we only retouch
of the gray tone I will outline in tone
dark what is the water line with
this visu pencil also in the part
from above I will delineate with the
and gel liner and once
let's have our eyes outlined we're going to
perform the tabs let's get
false eyelashes and good for this
makeup I love to eyelashes
If you put a lipstick on
pink tone or not this is up to decision of
what you like may even be
a red and well this is the result
I hope you enjoyed giving me a like
If you liked, leave your comments.
requests thank you very much for your
support for seeing me see you in the
next video bai